OSDOCS 10381: Added oc-mirror plugin v2 in release note. (#77417)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-16-openshift-cli_{context}"]
=== OpenShift CLI (oc)

> [id="ocp-4-16-oc-mirror-v2_{context}"]

Reviewer: This note has a lot of subheadings which is distracting for surrounding notes. I suggest maybe adding each subheading as a sub-bullet point and let the feature docs do the describing.

==== oc-mirror plugin v2

> The oc-mirror plugin for {product-title} has been enhanced with several new features and functionalities in oc-mirror plugin v2, aimed at improving the mirroring process for operator images and other {product-title} content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The oc-mirror plugin v2 for {product-title} includes new features and functionalities that improve the mirroring process for Operator images and other {product-title} content. 
```

The following are the key enhancements and features in oc-mirror plugin v2:

> .Automatic Generation of IDMS and ITMS Objects: 

Reviewer: Headings could be sub-bullet points. The descriptions could go in the feature docs and a link could point the this content.

oc-mirror plugin v2 automatically generates a comprehensive list of `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS) and `ImageTagMirrorSet` (ITMS) objects after each run. These objects replace the `ImageContentSourcePolicy` (ICSP) used in oc-mirror plugin v1. This enhancement eliminates the need for manual merging and cleanup of operator images and ensures all necessary images are included.

* *CatalogSource objects*: 

> 

Reviewer: Would adding a plus befroe each description help indent the text with the description-list heading?

Author: Done

> .CatalogSource Objects Creation: 

Reviewer: .. CatalogSource Objects Creation, where the plugin now generates `CatalogSource` objects for all relevant catalog indexes to enhance the application of oc-mirror's output artifacts to disconnected clusters.
.. Improved Verification: , where...

> CatalogSource Objects Creation, where the plugin now generates CatalogSource objects for all relevant catalog indexes to enhance the application of oc-mirror's output artifacts to disconnected clusters.

Reviewer 2: Is "CatalogSource Objects Creation" a feature name? Just checking the title case capitalization is intended

Author: a functionality actually, but for the new feature. I will change it.

.Improved Verification: 
    
oc-mirror plugin v2 verifies that the complete image set specified in the image set config is mirrored to the registry, regardless of whether the images were previously mirrored or not. This ensures comprehensive and reliable mirroring.

.Cache System: 
    
The new cache system replaces metadata, maintaining minimal archive sizes by incorporating only new images into the archive. This optimizes storage and improves performance.

.Selective Mirroring by Date: 

Users can now generate mirroring archives based on the mirroring date, allowing for the selective inclusion of new images.

.Enhanced Image Deletion Control: 

The introduction of a `Delete` feature replaces automatic pruning, providing users with greater control over image deletion.

.Support for `registries.conf`: 

> oc-mirror plugin v2 supports `registries.conf`, facilitating mirroring to multiple enclaves using the same cache. This enhances flexibility and efficiency in managing mirrored images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc-mirror plugin v2 supports the `registries.conf` file that facilitates mirroring to multiple enclaves using the same cache. This enhances flexibility and efficiency in managing mirrored images.
```

* *Operator version filtering*:

Users can filter Operator versions by bundle name, offering more precise control over the versions included in the mirroring process.

.Differences Between oc-mirror v1 and v2

> While oc-mirror plugin v2 brings numerous enhancements, some features from oc-mirror plugin v1 are not yet supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While oc-mirror plugin v2 brings numerous enhancements, the following features from oc-mirror plugin v1 are not yet supported in oc-mirror plugin v2:
```

> While oc-mirror plugin v2 brings numerous enhancements, some features from oc-mirror plugin v1 are not yet present:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While oc-mirror plugin v2 brings numerous enhancements, some features from oc-mirror plugin v1 are not yet present in oc-mirror plugin v2:
```

> While oc-mirror plugin v2 brings numerous enhancements, some features from oc-mirror plugin v1 are not yet supported:

Reviewer: Are these dev preview or tech preview? I think a support level needs to be stated.

Author: v2 is tech preview. Let me add it in the heading.

> * Helm Charts: Helm charts are not supported in oc-mirror plugin v2.

Reviewer: The lowest level of support we state is dev preview but I cannot determine if this is the level of support here.

Author: These are still not added in oc-mirror v2, and it is kind of to let the users know that these issues will be added before GA.

Reviewer 3: Yeah this is to alert users that if they decide to try the Tech Preview, that there are gaps they have to be aware of. Helm Charts avail in v1 might be expected at some point in v2 for the GA but not in this TP, so users who need it have to go with v1.

    
* `ImageSetConfig v1alpha2`: The api version `v1alpha2` is not available, users must update to `v2alpha1`.
    
* Storage Metadata (`storageConfig`): Storage metadata is not used in oc-mirror plugin v2 `ImageSetConfiguration`.

* Automatic Pruning: Replaced by the new `Delete` feature in oc-mirror plugin v2.

* Release Signatures: Release signatures are not generated in oc-mirror plugin v2.

> * Commands (`init`, `list`, `describe`): The `init`, `list`, and `describe` commands are not available in oc-mirror plugin v2.

Reviewer 2: Maybe avoid duplicate listing?
```suggestion
* Some commands: The `init`, `list`, and `describe` commands are not available in oc-mirror plugin v2.
```

.Using oc-mirror plugin v2

To use the oc-mirror plugin v2, add the `--v2` flag to the oc-mirror command line.

> The oc-mirror OpenShift CLI (oc) plugin is used to mirror all the required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry, simplifying the maintenance of disconnected clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The oc-mirror OpenShift CLI (`oc`) plugin is used to mirror all the required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry, simplifying the maintenance of disconnected clusters.
```

|====

[discrete]
=== OpenShift CLI (oc) Technology Preview features

> .OpenShift CLI (oc) Technology Preview tracker

Author: All the three key features were introduced through oc-mirror v2 and they are tech preview in 4.16, So that is the reason I have added 'Not Available' for 4.14 and 4.15. Should I remove them?

> .OpenShift CLI (oc) Technology Preview tracker

Reviewer: Yeah, maybe the oc-mirror Plugin v2 entry is enough as this groups features.

> .OpenShift CLI (oc) Technology Preview tracker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.OpenShift CLI (`oc`) Technology Preview tracker
```

[cols="4,1,1,1",options="header"]
|====
|Feature |4.14 |4.15 |4.16

> |oc-mirror Plugin v2

Reviewer 2: match other caps?
```suggestion
|oc-mirror plugin v2
```

Author: Will Enclave Support be Enclave support?

Author: Great. But I have noticed other features are capitalized.

Author: Like for example these- not available and technology preview and so on?
`|oc-mirror plugin v2
|Not Available
|Not Available
|Technology Preview`
